---
layout: post
title:      "Why Software Engineering?"
date:       2020-04-27 01:33:45 +0000
permalink:  why_software_engineering
---


Software engineering is a field with so many possibilities. Studying to become a software engineer and developing the skills required to hold this title can open the door to so many job opportunities. That is just one of the many reasons that I have decided to go down this path. Over the last couple years I have been trying to decide what kind of career I would enjoy and be successful at, which has led me to Flatiron. After high school, I went to West Virginia University and studied mechanical engineering for two and a half years. During that time I was unsure if it was something that I would really enjoy doing for the long run and at that time I decided that it was not right for me. I left that school and took some time off from studying. I spent time working and really trying to figure out what it is that I wanted to do with my life. A few months ago I was talking to a friend who is currently working as a software engineer for Amazon in Seattle, Washington. He told me all about his job and what he does on a daily basis. He told me how much he enjoys it even though it can be challenging sometimes. So after talking to him for awhile, he said that if I was actually interested I should look into a coding boot camp to get started as a software engineer. Some of his coworkers at Amazon have gotten their jobs after graduating from a bootcamp rather than the more traditional four year bachelors in computer science. So for me, at 24 years old, I figured that a full time boot camp would be a great route for me to take. After a lot of research, I decided that Flatiron school would be the perfect fit for me. Having a couple years of experience studying engineering I figured that I would be able to hop right back in without missing a beat. I know that I am capable of being successful in an engineering field like this, and I am very excited for the next five months ahead. Another reason that I have decided on software engineering is the lifestyle that it can provide for me. Having a career that I enjoy and can also make a comfortable living at the same time is what I have been searching for since I left West Virginia. Software engineering is also a chance for me to discover what it is like to live in different places in this country. I was born and raised in Buffalo, New York and I have loved every minute of it, but at the same time I know that there are so many places in this country that I would thrive in and enjoy to live in. I am an avid golfer, and living in Buffalo I am only able to play for about five or six months out of the year. With that being said, once I go through this boot camp with Flatiron, I would like to job search in cities and states that are warm for most of the year. My sister has lived in Phoenix for the last four years and I have visited her plenty of times. I could definitely see myself ending up in the Phoenix area or anywhere in the Southwest region after graduation. I would not just limit my ideal destination to Arizona, I would also like to find work in other states like California, Colorado, Texas, Florida and any other states where the weather is nice for more than half the year! Getting a job as a software engineer would allow me to relocate and start fresh in a new city which is something I have been thinking about for awhile now. Engineering is the field that I was meant to be in, it just took me a couple years to figure out the specific type of engineering that would be right for me. I believe that I have finally found my calling and am on the road that is best for me, and Flatiron is going to help me get to the end of that road. I am looking forward to the challenges ahead and ready to take them head on.
